Speech is the speaker of my nature.
In this video here for you guys to show
How do you connect to the beach px hotel?
21 and is strong and if play 3
can you see the profile 21 from the beach?
with these two cables here that callus
neighborhood connecting a play USB cable and
this cable here that you'll see later
in another video in this video is put in
another car and box here to talk to
leave to speak or not to speak it here
has not yet discovered that it is here
2010 the volume of the game and listen to people
speaking here is for an xbox business
xbox version here boss likes to know
when it is working
To start, just put this thread here.
on this cable that comes with you now
There are 26 10 here you connect this one is
This is where you get this USB cable here.
connect then you will need this
cable here other than the hdmi cable
You can see there are three businesses
here to put a play put together
with these two these two cables which
will stay to see white with white green
and red with red and then
in your player behind where you have a cable
to put the 13 businesses there you
take these charges is the white connects
white and red you connect
red I just hope that everything putting
Here O country can see how it was
so now you come I focused
I put it here on my tv here
that one can see is that white with
red white with werley and toto
A dog after you come here I do not
I'll get a gun with bullet plate
catch then I will not do as
on the plate
then you see in settings are
Hope that we're coming back I left the
then set output
audio clips top hdmi item and one
reader of a lot of thing there then
first thing to leave
various activated audio outputs get out of there
has nothing and I say much here that
will show
I do not try connector type as in
the entire audio input and places
confirmed confirmed
You can see your turtle beach fish
intimate is working is here whites
only you are working blue whiting
here to see
and this is it
so I showed you here how
install both beach
Then he spoke